# Game-Development-Project
Game development.

Justin: 

Game design:
medium size rooms with enemy fighting, somewhat like metroidvania
6-8x3 rooms with 1 powerup 
maze layout
go towards right
4 different directions u can go, but mostly go right
powerup being in random place
gates that close once u reach close to middle of a room, for combat
1 set room before merchant
after merchant is boss
after boss is second area with powerup 
second area will be leading to final boss, set layout
grab another powerup
final boss will require use of that powerup
2d layout

Procedure of making game:
begin with a player class and a room
make collision in room
make player class capable of attacking jumping moving and such
make enemies and how they and the player take damage
make the different rooms and fit them in according to entrances (data values matching)




Yusong:

Implementing a maze game where we have an avatar and some random enemies. The initial maze is generated by one of the maze algorithms. The avatar will be placed in a specific point of entrance in the maze (not randomly). Then the goal of the avatar was to find its way out and avoid enemies. Avatar can collect things that adds additional functionality to the avatar, such as becoming invisible or more resistant to enemies’ attack, or even the ability to cross the maze wall, etc. At the same time, the enemies are generated randomly to be placed on different spots of the maze after the game starts. Then the enemies should walk inside the maze also randomly, this would mean that the enemy would have equal probability of going into any direction at a given turn in maze. When the enemies are inside a straight line of maze routes, they just walk until some crossing/turn occurs. 

Final Design to specify:

